Said by Albert Einstein 
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
Tags : inspirational  life  live  miracle  miracles  


Said by Marilyn Monroe 
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
Tags : be-yourself  inspirational  


Said by Thomas A. Edison 
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
Tags : edison  failure  inspirational  paraphrased  


Said by Marilyn Monroe 
“This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
Tags : friends  heartbreak  inspirational  life  love  sisters  


Said by Elie Wiesel 
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
Tags : activism  apathy  hate  indifference  inspirational  love  opposite  philosophy  


Said by J.K. Rowling 
“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”
Tags : death  inspirational  


Said by George Eliot 
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
Tags : inspirational  


Said by C.S. Lewis 
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
Tags : books  inspirational  reading  tea  


Said by Martin Luther King Jr. 
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars.”
Tags : hope  inspirational  


Said by Helen Keller 
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”
Tags : inspirational  


